hola senores or as they say at the
bottom of slave fell
what about ya well I've come here yet
because I'm doing the tourist bit this
week something that I haven't done for a
long long time and something that
obviously were making documentary at the
same time as this film so I've got to
get the hang of doing this and get the
hang of TOI talking to cameras this is
obviously very unofficial this is really
personal to me this because Joey who's
behind me obviously was killed in
Estonia which is where my wife is from
and I went to his Stonier to Tallinn and
saw the monument that they've got there
for him really upset me when I was there
and it's quite a different feeling when
I'm here because it's more of a feeling
of of its proud to have met him
obviously I've met his sons quite a lot
and there's actually one of my old TT
road signs I used to make them pull up
here and when you look I'll take on a
little tour it's it's quite good the way
they've done it because they've covered
all of his 26 wins and engraved each
stone with them and for me this is
really special this guy was a legend
total legend
alright let's show you what else there
is here because it really is quite
remarkable how they've done this and
I've never been here before that there
would you believe is one of my old TT
road signs that I used to make which
somebody's obviously copied and then
we've got a plaque here the photograph
down here and then as we go round that's
the top man stick ignore that all of the
winds start at 1977 1980 83 84 85 85 85
86 and the list just goes on and on and
on the memory of Joey Dunlop 1952 to
2000 king of the mountain 20 Symes TT
winner this statue has been donated to
the Isle of Man
so they honor to honor Joey and to
respect the connection with balamani and
the Isle of Man from bailed in 2002 by
ferry booyah of our a helmet Europe and
the Honorable David cretin II mhk
minister of tourism leisure and fun
bring back David correct into that job
please so um you know this this is
really special for me because when I
went to Estonia and saw what they've
done their famous round
it takes a lot to create a legend you
know on this guy's just told me a legend
and it's such an amazing Monument
you know this will be here forever class
absolute class these kind of things are
the wonders of the alamin
there we have a tram going down the hill
and what I'm about to do now and I'm
about to snake fell as a little bit of a
recce for the film because we're going
to do some filming up there what was one
thing that I have to do while I'm here
Joey like the drink so
one for me
and one for you let's hope we don't see
two more too many more than statues on
the isle of man because there's also one
of Steve his life and I know these
people need to be remembered but the
only time people have statues made of
them is when they're dead and this is
one guy that is sorely sorely missed
total legend now I'm going to see you
probably at the tapas they fell where no
doubt I'll do something daft it's ace
feel totally privileged to be